                                                                  W H I T E PA P E R




Electronic Manufacturing
Strategies and Mass
Communication: a Perfect Fit
                                                 The revolution that’s taking




>>
                                                     place is freeing up

                                                    manufacturers to do

                                                     what they do best –

                                                 staying aligned with their

                                                   customers over the lives

                                                    of multiple products.


By Louis Columbus
Cincom Manufacturing Business Solutions




        ®                                   ®

The World’s Most Experienced Software Company®
Contents



           Introduction ........................................................................................................... 3

           Why Electronic Manufacturing Services Are Gaining Momentum ................................. 4

           Exploring the Electronic Manufacturing Systems Process for Cell Phones .................... 8

           Key Success Criteria in Managing Electronic Manufacturing Services ......................... 12

           Electronic Manufacturing Meets Mass Customization ................................................... 13

           Recommendations and Conclusions .............................................................................. 14




2
Introduction



               There is a global revolution going on in the approaches manufacturing companies are
               taking to define, manufacture and service their products. It’s much more fundamental
               and powerful than just following low-cost manufacturing centers around the globe.
               The revolution that’s taking place is freeing up manufacturers to do what they do best –
               staying aligned with their customers over the lives of multiple products. Increasingly,
               manufacturing companies are finding that by strategically focusing on just a few top
               priorities, and not trying to handle the entire value chain of how they create, manufacture
               and service products on their own, they are becoming more competitive. The era of
               outsourcing every process that is not directly aligned with serving the customer has
               arrived.

               The processes being offloaded span the entire value chain of industries. Starting with
               the many facets of new product development and design and progressing through
               project and service collaboration, which is essential for a strong product introduction,
               and into ongoing supply-chain management and integration, the value chains of
               entire industries are being made more efficient and profitable through the use of
               Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) firms. For clarification in this white paper,
               firms offering EMS services are called EMS providers.

               Today these firms span the value chains of the world’s most complex manufacturing
               environments. Their beginnings started with helping manufacturers get more life out
               of their products that were edging toward commodity status – where price became
               the only differentiator.

               The intent of this white paper is to show, through the convergence occurring in the
               cell phone industry, how manufacturers face a unique set of challenges that start with
               defining innovative new products on the one hand, and the managing of costs over
               the life of products on the other. Given the fact that any given cell phone’s product
               life cycle – the time period it is sold in the market – is shortening dramatically, the
               challenge for manufacturers to keep pace is clear. Staying ahead of the market starts
               with getting focused on what each does best; that’s why Electronic Manufacturing
               Services firms are a viable alternative for many manufacturers.




                                                                                                        3
Why Electronic Manufacturing Services Are Gaining Momentum



             In many industries such as cell phones, portable electronics and personal computers,
             manufacturers are under constant pressure to drop the cost of manufacturing their
             products. Moore’s Law, originally defined by Gordon Moore, a founder of Intel
             Corporation, states that chip density roughly doubles during every product generation.
             Defined over 40 years ago, the law has been proven repeatedly throughout the elec-
             tronics industry. One of the biggest fallouts of this law for manufacturers is the fact
             that for many, pricing has become the only way to make a product that is different
             from those of competitors. When pricing becomes the only way to differentiate, entire
             areas of high-tech change – fast.

             Dropping the cost of producing any product – from a cell phone to a complex main-
             frame server – is one of the prime market drivers making Electronic Manufacturing
             Services grow so rapidly. Here are additional factors that are driving this area’s
             growth:
             • Rapid and unpredictable commoditization of electronics – The time frame in
               which a company can recoup any advantage from its new Intellectual Property (IP)
               advantage alone is shrinking. The days of relying solely on the execution of a product
               roadmap are rapidly ending as convergence and consolidation together are redefining
               entire market segments – as is certainly the case with cell phones. It’s not enough
               to just have IP or even a roadmap anymore. The ability to sense and respond in a
               synchronized strategy to meet market demands will spell the difference for many
               companies when it comes to long-term survival.
             • Trusted globalization of outsourcing – Global outsourcing continues to gather
               momentum. For years, manufacturers have outsourced the production of their
               products. The momentum toward increasing outsourcing trust for many aspects of
               product development, manufacturing, and service strategies shows that as a strategy,
               it’s here to stay. And, as an approach to product development, it has significant
               potential to enable manufacturers to focus on their core strengths.
             • Evolving business models are revolutionizing value chains – Simply put, the
               need for manufacturers to be more adaptable to rapidly changing costs structures
               points to a rise in component supply hubs. In addition, it is changing the relationships
               between component suppliers, distributors, EMS providers, OEMS, and Outsource
               Design Manufacturers (ODMs).
             • Emergence of the Outsource Design Manufacturer (ODM) – ODMs function as
               OEMs in that they offer turnkey design and manufacturing solutions. The ODM owns
               the product design, development, and manufacturing, but then uses the marketing
               and distribution channels of its OEM customer to sell products.




4
• Rapid construction and decommissioning of plants – When the lack of market
  demand obsoletes products, there is a period of time required for a company to
  ramp-up a manufacturing facility for new divisions and to decommission a production
  plant. The time required to complete the commissioning and decommissioning of
  factories is shrinking. The most competitive businesses have achieved a ramp-up
  time of 12 weeks or less to bring a new contractor facility up to production.
• Distributed liability/Vendor-Managed Inventory (VMI) – OEMs and EMS
  providers are increasingly less willing to accept ownership of materials and
  components until they are actually consumed or delivered. As a result, manufacturers
  are relying more than ever on software-based approaches to managing distributed
  liability of inventory, and handling vendor-managed inventory efficiently.
• Managing product End of Life (EOL) including channel redirection and
  product obsolescence – Intellectual Property (IP) itself doesn’t guarantee last
  competitive advantage because shorter product life cycles are driving product
  obsolescence. Companies are developing skills in redefining channel strategies
  to maximize sales of older products.
• The need for adhering to market-proven standards – There are really two
  classes of standards that influence high-tech manufacturers. The first is market-driven
  while the second is based on standard organizations that define standards and
  approaches to entire industries working together. Electronic manufacturing service
  providers have actually helped to define the market-based standards for product
  development and ongoing production. In addition, several are involved in the
  standards-making organizations that look to streamline supply-chain coordination
  through their industries.
• Web Services are ready for prime time – The rapid growth of XML-based
  communication, including the growth of Web Services for managing business
  processes globally, has arrived.
• Manufacturing is now virtual – This is due to the fact that Web Services along
  with XML-based communication makes it possible to attain higher levels of global
  collaboration than ever before.
• EMS providers directly influence Bill of Material (BOM) and labor costs –
  Manufacturers are constantly looking at evaluating EMS as a strategy for reducing
  bottom-line costs. Up to 60% of a cell phone’s BOM costs are controllable through
  EMS strategies. For example, the market drivers defined here are changing the
  landscape for the ability of electronic manufacturing services to execute on behalf
  of manufacturers globally. The technology factors of automating Vendor-Managed
  Inventory and the successful use of XML and Web Services to virtually collaborate
  with manufacturers will continue to re-order the landscape of electronic manufacturing
  services.




                                                                                       5
    Why the Adoption of Electronic Manufacturing Services Is Growing

    Lowering the cost to produce products continues to be the main reason for manufac-
    turers to look to electronic manufacturing services. In an AMR Research survey of 700
    manufacturers who are working with EMS providers globally, 65% claim that lower
    labor and production costs are the primary reason for working with outsourcers,
    followed by 18% mentioning higher quality and 8% citing cheaper materials. What’s
    interesting about AMR’s study is the fact that EMS providers see their primary value
    being high quality (43%) followed by lower labor costs (25%) with higher innovation
    (17%) being the third reason. Figure 1 shows the results of this survey.


                                                                    Brand owner primary reason
                70%        65%                                      Contract manufacturer perception
                60%
                50%
                                             43%
                40%
                30%
                                 25%
                20%                    18%                                                 17%
                                                                    12%
                10%                                8%
                                                        3%     5%         3%          3%
                  0%
                            Lower       High       Cheaper     Closer     Govt. Tax    Higher
                            Labor      Quality     Materials     to       and Tariff Innovation
                            Costs                              Market     Benefits
    Source: AMR Research, 2005




               Figure 1: Comparing Electronic Manufacturing Services Growth Factors

    EMS providers see their major contribution as delivering high-quality manufacturing,
    as this is where the majority of their investment goes. Every EMS provider that has
    global manufacturing facilities meets ISO-9001 certification – a quality standard
    specifically developed for manufacturing. Therefore, it is no surprise that they see
    their first major contribution as being higher quality manufacturing followed by lower
    labor costs. The gap between how manufacturers view EMS providers versus how
    they view themselves regarding higher innovation shows the evolving role of the
    latter on offering design services. Analyst firms are calling this area Original Design
    Manufacturing (ODM). Simply put, manufacturers are relying on EMS providers to
    handle the design and development of initial product concepts. Market estimates
    show that manufacturers are starting to take advantage of this service from EMS
    providers, yet it is far less dominant with costs being the primary driver.




6
Before going through the development process that EMS providers and manufacturers
rely on for driving labor costs out of products, it’s useful to see what products manu-
facturers target for this strategy. The majority of manufacturers (62) are relying on
EMS providers for manufacturing components followed by manufacturing products to-
stock, or in other words, finished goods ready for sale (56%). Manufacturing configure-
to-order assemblies, which have 30% or less customization to them, are 51% of all
products built. High-tech products have by nature become more configure-to-order,
or customizable in distribution channels globally. This translates into even greater
challenges for EMS providers and manufacturers to synchronize orders and manage
supply chains closely to make sure there are enough components to complete orders.
Figure 2 shows a ranking of services and frequency of use.


                      Manufacture CTO assemblies                     51%                              39%
                     Manufacture FG ready for sale                   56%                            33%
                             Manufacture components                        62%                            22%
                                Source raw materials                 48%                             36%
                        Ship finished products to DC                  49%                           34%
                                           Copacking            38%                           38%
          Ship components direct to assembly line              33%                       39%
      Ship components to component warehouse                   33%                      35%
   Manufacture FG configured to customer order                 33%                      33%
    Ship components to consolidation warehouse                28%                      38%
                             Ship FG to customer's DC    19%                     43%
                     Ship FG direct to end customer     14%               30%

                                                        0%          20%          40%           60%              80%   100%
                                                         Frequently
                                                         Sometimes
Source: AMR Research, 2005




                  Figure 2: Services Provided by EMS Providers to Manufacturers




                                                                                                                             7
Exploring the Electronic Manufacturing Systems Process
for Cell Phones


             Given the fact that EMS providers are having a significant impact on both labor and
             Bill of Material (BOM) costs, their ability to span more processes than just manufactur-
             ing is apparent in the cell phone industry for example. The process of creating a cell
             phone, where EMS providers have reduced BOM costs by 60% or more, is illustrated
             here. Outsourcing Design Manufacturing (ODM) is included in the following process
             steps to show its relative contribution to the electronic manufacturing services process:

             Phase I: Product Design and Quality

             Included within this phase are the following steps (it’s up to the manufacturer as to
             which of these they choose to use). Nearly every EMS provider is starting to offer
             either part or all of these services. This entire product-development phase is part of
             the Outsourcing Design Manufacturing (ODM) initiative that is taking place among
             EMS providers today.

             • Design Services – In the example of a cell phone manufacturer that is seeking to
               keep pace with the product life cycles of its specific industries, the decision to use
               design services makes sense. It frees up the manufacturer to focus on distribution
               channels and the definition of convergence products that are so critical for the
               growth of their market. Here are additional steps that the cell phone manufacturer
               will work through with an EMS provider:
               - Prototyping and ramp-up
               - Product structure management
               - Product development
               - Specification management
               - Document management
               - Change and configuration management


               Cell-phone manufacturers seek differentiation in this stage of a development partner-
               ship with EMS providers through the development of innovative, small, form-factor
               displays, which currently represent 21% of the Bill of Materials (BOM) costs. Such a
               high-cost component with strong differentiation potential is an example of where
               cell phone manufacturers are relying on EMS providers to deliver materials cost
               reductions.


             • Design and Project Collaboration – In the evolving role of EMS providers as
               deliverers of Outsourcing Design Manufacturing (ODM) services, this is one of the
               areas that requires the greatest level of collaboration with cell phone manufacturers.
               The strategies EMS providers focus on in this area include the following:
               - Development of collaboration best practices
               - Project planning and scoping


8
  - Ongoing project management
  - Portfolio and product management
  - Project execution
  In the case of cell-phone manufacturers, this step in any development process
  requires a major commitment of resources and focus, since engineering in the EMS
  provider and the manufacturer need to work together daily in the definition and
  development of the next generation of product families.

Phase II: Manufacturing

The scope of services has greatly widened within the last 15 years specifically in this
area of EMS providers’ offerings. This entire industry has rapidly progressed from
offering lower labor costs by either building or acquiring production centers in low-
wage areas of the world to span an entire range of services in this industry. The
strategic segments of this phase of EMS providers’ offerings include the following:

• Order management
  - Distributed order management in conjunction with manufacturers
  - Outbound order processing
  - Order drop-shipments


• Supply chain management
  Demand and Supply Planning – Manufacturers are increasingly relying on EMS
  providers for coordination of their supply chains. As a result, the growth of services
  offered has made this one of the fastest growing areas of cell-phone manufacturers’
  use of electronic manufacturing services. The services that comprise this area are
  defined later in this document.


• Manufacturing and assembly
  This area is the core of EMS providers’ value for manufacturers, and is explained
  in detail later within this document. Manufacturers see improved forecast accuracy,
  reductions in material and component obsolescence, and lowered inventory write-
  downs due to using EMS providers.


• Logistics and distribution
  For cell-phone manufacturers that rely on EMS providers for each of these specific
  strategies, there is the need for coordinating demand and supply-chain planning,
  manufacturing strategies for attaining Six Sigma on production processes, and a
  strategic focus on quality management.




                                                                                        9
     The following three areas are considered to be the foundations that underscore the
     manufacturing strategies that EMS providers are offering today. Each of these areas
     is defined further by their specific offerings.


     1. Demand and supply-chain planning
       - Demand planning and forecasting
       - Safety stock planning
       - Supply network optimization
       - Multilevel demand, supply matching, and optimization
       - Supply network planning logic
       - Supply chain monitoring and control
       - Production planning


       Given the fact that cell-phone manufacturers face continual downward pricing
       pressure on their products, the ability to manage supply chains to the highest levels
       of efficiency possible is critical. That’s why EMS providers are focused on demand
       and supply-chain planning as a critical part of their offerings for cell-phone manufac-
       turers. The ability of EMS providers to deliver components at a lower cost than
       manufacturers can achieve on their own further underscores the fact that EMS is not
       just for manufacturing anymore. It is increasingly about co-managing a manufacturer’s
       supply chain and making a correspondingly higher contribution to reducing BOM
       costs. AMR Research, for example, cites a 70% figure of co-managing supply chains
       between manufacturers and EMS providers.
       As pointed out in previous sections of this document, at the core of the EMS providers’
       value to manufacturers is the continual focus on quality. ISO 9001 is not optional
       anymore for any EMS provider, and it needs to be at the top of the evaluation list for
       cell-phone manufacturers that are looking for a potential EMS provider. At the heart
       of the value of EMS providers are high quality and the predictable production of
       components, subassemblies, assemblies, and finished goods. The following points
       highlight the key aspects of EMS providers’ focus on manufacturing and quality:


     2. Manufacturing and Six Sigma strategies
       - Production planning
       - Manufacturing execution strategies
       Cell phone manufacturers, for example, will rely heavily on production planning
       services to drive down both labor and production costs for cell phones that are
       mature in their product life cycles. Manufacturing execution strategies are relied
       on for the introduction of entirely new products and in the case of cell phones,
       the development, production, and service of convergence cell phones - for example,
       those that include digital cameras.



10
  Apart from cost reduction strategies, EMS providers see quality as the most critical
  value-add they bring to manufacturers. In fact, according to AMR Research surveys,
  EMS providers see themselves as more in the business of delivering quality produc-
  tion over cost reduction as their primary value to manufacturers. The investment
  required to accomplish ISO 9001 certification can be well into the millions of dollars,
  hence EMS providers’ focus on this as their core strength and value to manufacturers.
  In defining their quality strategies, EMS providers focus on the following areas:


3. Quality management
  - Quality engineering
  - Continuous quality improvement initiatives
  - Audit management
  - Quality assurance and control

Phase III: Service Management

Post-manufacturing services are the key to profitability for many manufacturers that
face increasing pressure on their pricing, and as a result, on their product life cycles.
AMR Research estimates that just a 3% capture rate of the installed base for any given
manufacturer increases return on sales by 10%. EMS providers are attempting to con-
tribute to this growth in profitability by offering a series of services. Some are calling
this Service Life cycle Management (SLM), others are calling it Post-Manufacturing
Services, and still others call it Aftermarket Services. Components of EMS providers’
strategy are defined here:
• Service parts and operations
• Customer-service management
• Inventory management
• Logistics services

In the case of a cell-phone manufacturer, the aftermarket presents even greater revenue
opportunities than the initial sales of cell phones themselves. What several manufac-
turers (including Cingular, Verizon Wireless, Virgin Mobile, and others) are focusing
on is the merging of services offerings; for example, extended warranty plans for
phones with mega-pixel cameras, and in many cases, the ability to sell web-based
services. The novelty of offering television viewing on cell phones opens up an
entirely new range of services and accentuates the need for Service Life cycle
Management strategies from EMS providers to align with the long-term upsell potential
of the latest entries into the convergence market arena. The melding of mature tech-
nologies in the cell phone form-factor promises to revolutionize the growth of this
entire area of EMS providers’ business models.




                                                                                      11
Key Success Criteria in Managing Electronic
Manufacturing Services


              In determining if electronic manufacturing services are a suitable fit, manufacturers
              need to keep in mind the priorities of their counterparts who are already relying on
              this strategy, and their impact on the future direction of this approach to streamlining
              product design, development, manufacturing, and service. AMR Research’s extensive
              work defines the top concerns of existing manufacturers who are using electronic
              manufacturing services and finding it a viable strategy. Here are the results of research
              that was conducted by AMR Research in March of 2005. The research uncovered the
              top concerns of 700 global manufacturers who rely on EMS providers. Multiple
              responses were encouraged to capture a complete set of priorities.


                                     Top Priorities of Manufacturers Using EMS Providers Today


                                Planning and managing inventory throughout the supply chain                                      56%
                                Managing product quality with the EMS provider                                                   48%
                                Protecting intellectual property                                                                 35%
                                Visibility to and Response to customer demand and orders                                         29%
                                Sharing inventory and production status                                                          25%
                                Contract coordination                                                                            25%
                                Managing increased variability and uncertainty                                                   21%
                                Information technology capabilities of EMS providers                                             19%
                                Enforcing and ensuring regulatory compliance                                                     15%
                                Coordinating logistics and cross-border trade                                                    12%
                                Controlling international logistics costs                                                        10%

              Source: AMR Research Report, Contract Manufacturing at a Crossroads: Brand Owner Need for Visibility, April 2005




12
Electronic Manufacturing Meets Mass Customization



             EMS providers are finding that configure-to-order product strategies are working for
             cell phones, blade servers, and PCs. The future of electronic manufacturing is best
             viewed from the context of mass-customization strategies, as shown in the following
             table. Clearly, the future of EMS is to embrace all phases of mass customization.
             Cincom’s Socrates™ application is a proven solution for capturing and managing
             orders for customized products.

                                        Comparing Mass Customization Strategies

                                                 Definition                                 Industry Examples
             Assemble-to-Order This is a product configuration strategy that      An example of an assemble-to-order strategy
                               is focused on taking manufactured compo-           is the definition of components in a laptop
                               nents or subassemblies and creating a final-       computer where the product is assembled
                               ized assembly from them. Assemble-to-order         from a series of stock components. This
                               product configuration strategies are often         strategy is found most often in high-tech,
                               rules-based and define the interrelationships      channel assembly and electronics. Furniture,
                               and compatibilities between components,            retail including DYI (Do It Yourself) stores,
                               subassemblies and parts of a product.              packaging, printing, healthcare and insurance
                                                                                  are where this configuration strategy is used.

             Build-to-Order      Manufacturers who have a build-to-order          Examples of build-to-order strategies include
                                 strategy are customizing smaller portions        auto manufacturers that offer several options
                                 of the customized product for the unique         on engines and interiors. High-tech, automo-
                                 requirements of customers, with the majority     tive, medical, and financial services are
                                 of the products’ content being based on          several of the verticals where this is used.
                                 made-to-stock or standardized product.

             Configure-to-Order Manufacturers of complex products are             Industries relying on configure-to-order
                                using this product configuration strategy for     strategies are distinguished by their require-
                                customizing their products to an exacting set     ments of intelligence around product
                                of specifications from their manufacturing        constraints. Verticals relying on configure-to-
                                customers. Configure-to-order products are        order include telecommunications, heavy
                                comprised of both standardized and cus-           industrial equipment, turbine and pump
                                tomized components, with the majority being       production, elevators and escalators, and
                                customized to the needs of the customer.          complex cabling systems.

             Engineer-to-Order   Where the majority, if not all, product          Products that are manufactured using an
                                 components are specifically created to a         ETO process include aircraft, aerospace
                                 customer’s unique requirements, it’s referred    and defense products, power generators,
                                 to as an engineer-to-order (ETO) strategy.       HVAC equipment, specialty-use engines,
                                 Products manufactured as a result of an          and manufacturing equipment that is
                                 ETO strategy are defined with highly specific    purposely built to support a specific
                                 engineering documents, and often require         manufacturing process.
                                 that the sales configurators delivering quotes
                                 from these products have the ability to
                                 generate multi-level CAD drawings and
                                 specifications.




                                                                                                                           13
Recommendations and Conclusions



            There is a global revolution going on within manufacturing today, driven by accelerated
            product life cycles, increasing price competition, industry consolidation, and in the
            cell-phone industry, convergence of technologies that when combined, deliver strongly
            differentiated products. At the center of this perfect storm of manufacturing, is the
            need for companies that own brands to:

            • Maximize sales in existing channels.
            • Look for new and alternative channels that promise higher growth and lower sales
              costs.
            • Grow same-customer sales and maximize their value over multiple products’ lifetimes.

            Add to this the fact that many manufacturers need to invest more to achieve quality
            certifications to produce convergence products that they generate in gross contribution
            margin, and the implications become clear. Electronic manufacturing services are here
            to stay and will grow rapidly as manufacturers that hold brands focus first on building
            existing customer relationships and look to acquire new customers with entirely new
            classes of products.

            Recommendations for manufacturers include:
            • Work to create demand visibility throughout manufacturing now. For EMS-
              based strategies to work, this level of visibility is critical and will greatly increase the
              chances of success in adopting electronic manufacturing approaches to production.
            • Standardize contracts with a set of options for design, inventory, manufacturing
              visibility, and planning responsibility. Structure contracts consistently to make
              them easier to manage and change when needed, and include incentive clauses for
              EMS providers that provide exceptionally responsive service and higher levels of
              quality than those of which they originally agreed to.
            • Have Quality Assurance and Quality Engineering from your company work
              early in the process with EMS partners. Too often manufacturers take too long
              and often shortchange quality efforts, thinking the strategy of using EMS providers is
              all about cost reduction. Often manufacturers that turn to EMS providers are nearly
              out of time in keeping up with product generations anyway, and a quality slip can
              quickly push a product generation into another year – an irrecoverable blow to any
              program. So focusing first on your Quality Assurance and Quality Engineering teams
              is critical to the long-term success of any electronic manufacturing strategy.




14
• Focus on technology alternatives for synchronizing market demand including
  customized product orders with your EMS partners. Web Services is a market
  dynamic discussed at length within the market factors that drive adoption of global
  electronic manufacturing strategies. If your company is looking into EMS as a viable
  production alternative, start by evaluating how automating channel management,
  order management, aftermarket or services management, and definitely engineering
  change orders (ECOs) will impact this strategy. Being able to link EMS partners on
  what’s changing in a product – typically communicated in ECOs – is critical for the
  long-term success of a product.
• Look for standardization options for communicating orders and sharing
  internal content with EMS partners. For companies in high-tech, RosettaNet is
  the standard for handling the transferring of orders from one partner to another,
  and there are many standards in place. Get up to speed on them before embarking
  on an engineering manufacturing strategy.




                                                                                  15
 UNITED STATES                                      EUROPE                                      GREATER ASIA PACIFIC                             BRAZIL

 Atlanta, GA                                        Vienna, Austria                             Melbourne, Australia                             Sao Paulo, Brazil
 770-441-0550                                       +43 1 24027 524                             +61 3 8601 1116                                  +(55 11) 3097 9555

 Chicago, IL                                        Brussels, Belgium                           Sydney, Australia
 708-301-6155                                       +32 2 679 68 11                             +61 2 8875 1400                                  LATIN AMERICAN
                                                                                                                                                 OPERATIONS
 Cincinnati, OH                                     Lyon, France                                Shanghai, China
 513-612-2300                                       +33 4 78 63 78 63                           +86 21 6375 8200                                 Cincinnati, OH
                                                                                                                                                 513-612-2672
 Columbus, OH                                       Paris, France                               New Delhi, India
 614-863-6636                                       +33 1 53 61 70 00                           +91 11 2373 7590

 Dallas, TX
                                                                                                                                                 EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST
                                                    Schwalbach, Germany                         Tokyo, Japan                                     AND AFRICA
 817-571-9117                                       +49 6196 90 03 0                            +81 3 3438 2791
                                                                                                                                                 Monaco
 Irvine, CA                                         Vianen, The Netherlands                                                                      +377 93 10 01 20
 949-752-7220                                       +31 347 358 458

 Kansas City, KS                                    Torino, Italy
 913-451-6969                                       +39 011 5154 711
                                                                                                                                                 For countries other than
 Minneapolis, MN                                    Monaco                                                                                       those listed on this page,
 952-470-1920                                       +377 93 10 01 20                                                                             contact Cincom World
                                                                                                                                                 Headquarters.
 New York, NY                                       Barcelona, Spain
 732-530-1313                                       +34 93 487 49 57

                                                    Madrid, Spain
 Phoenix, AZ
                                                    +34 91 524 9820
 480-775-5168
                                                    Stockholm, Sweden
 Pittsburgh, PA
                                                    +46 8 594 605 00
 724-242-0158
                                                    Geneva, Switzerland
 Santa Clara, CA
                                                    +41 22 747 75 18
 408-216-4600
                                                    Lymington, UK
 St. Louis, MO                                      +44 1590 676138
 314-995-3800
                                                    Maidenhead, UK
 Syracuse, NY                                       +44 1628 542300
 315-655-2680
                                                    Manchester, UK
                                                    +44 1625 535585

 CANADA

 Mississauga, Ontario
 905-279-4220

 Montreal, Quebec
 514-866-8661




                                                                                                          CINCOM, , Socrates, and The World’s Most Experienced Software Company are
                                                                                                                     ®




                                                                                                          registered trademarks of Cincom Systems, Inc.

                                                                                                          All other trademarks belong to their respective companies.

                                                                                                          © 2005 Cincom Systems, Inc.
                                                                                                          FORM CM050805-2 8/05
                                                                                                          Printed in U.S.A.
                                                                                                          All Rights Reserved


                                                 World Headquarters • Cincinnati, OH USA • US 1-800-2CINCOM • International 1-513-612-2769 • E-mail info@cincom.com
        ®                                   ®    http://www.cincom.com • For local and international offices, go to: www.cincom.com/international
The World’s Most Experienced Software Company®
